example.md, before:

---
theme: ./
layout: cover
---

# Slidev Theme Cobalt

## A professional presentation theme

---
layout: title
---

# Presentation Title

Minagishl 2026.02.17

---
layout: title-center
---

# Presentation Title

Project - Minagishl

---
layout: title-sandwich
---

<div class="title-top">Project - Minagishl</div>
<div class="title-main">Presentation Title</div>
<div class="title-footer">Date and other information</div>

---
layout: toc
---

# Table of Contents

1. Introduction
2. Main Content
3. Conclusion

---
layout: toc
---

# Table of Contents (2 columns)

1. Mission
2. Company Overview
3. Business Overview
4. Work Environment
5. Employee Voices
6. How We Work
7. Hiring Process
8. Contact

---
layout: section
---

# Section Title

---
layout: section-frame
---

# Section Title

---
layout: team
---

<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 1</div>
</div>
<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 2</div>
</div>
<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 3</div>
</div>

---
layout: team-border
---

<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 1</div>
</div>
<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 2</div>
</div>
<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 3</div>
</div>

---
layout: steps-layout
---

<div class="steps-column">
  <div class="step">
    <div class="step-header">
      <span class="step-number">01</span>
      <span class="step-title">Understand the goal</span>
    </div>
    <div class="step-body">
      Clarify what problem you want to solve and what success looks like.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="step">
    <div class="step-header">
      <span class="step-number">02</span>
      <span class="step-title">Gather requirements</span>
    </div>
    <div class="step-body">
      List constraints, stakeholders, and any technical or business requirements.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="step">
    <div class="step-header">
      <span class="step-number">03</span>
      <span class="step-title">Design the solution</span>
    </div>
    <div class="step-body">
      Create a simple architecture or flow that explains how the solution will work.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="step">
    <div class="step-header">
      <span class="step-number">04</span>
      <span class="step-title">Implement iteratively</span>
    </div>
    <div class="step-body">
      Build small pieces, verify them early, and adjust based on feedback.
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

---
layout: process-flow
---

# Project Workflow

<div class="process-flow-container">
  <div class="process-step">
    <div class="process-step-circle">
      <div class="process-step-title">Planning</div>
    </div>
    <div class="process-step-description">Define project requirements and create a detailed plan</div>
  </div>
  <div class="process-arrow"></div>
  <div class="process-step">
    <div class="process-step-circle">
      <div class="process-step-title">Development</div>
    </div>
    <div class="process-step-description">Build the solution according to specifications</div>
  </div>
  <div class="process-arrow"></div>
  <div class="process-step">
    <div class="process-step-circle">
      <div class="process-step-title">Testing</div>
    </div>
    <div class="process-step-description">Verify functionality and ensure quality standards</div>
  </div>
  <div class="process-arrow"></div>
  <div class="process-step">
    <div class="process-step-circle">
      <div class="process-step-title">Deployment</div>
    </div>
    <div class="process-step-description">Release to production and monitor performance</div>
  </div>
</div>

---
layout: table
---

| Plan  | Price per month | Storage | Support              |
| ----- | --------------- | ------- | -------------------- |
| Basic | $9              | 10 GB   | Community only       |
| Pro   | $29             | 100 GB  | Email + Chat         |
| Elite | $79             | 1 TB    | Priority 24/7 SLA    |
| Gold  | $139            | 2 TB    | Dedicated Manager    |
| Ultra | $249            | 5 TB    | VIP 24/7 White Glove |

---
layout: panel
---

<div class="quote blue">A short quote or statement</div>

---
layout: panel
---

<div class="quote black">Another quote or statement</div>

---
layout: profile
---

<div class="frame-header">Table of Contents - About</div>

# Minagishl

Student Developer based in Japan\
Currently participating in OSS projects

I am actively working on OSS projects and my own apps,\
engaging in various engineering activities

---
layout: profile
---

<div class="frame-header">Table of Contents - About</div>

# Minagishl

1. What I do\
   Web development, game design, and building custom PCs

2. Technologies\
   Mainly React, Next.js, and Laravel\
   Also learning Swift

---
layout: frame-panel
---

<div class="frame-header">Table of Contents</div>
<div class="quote blue">A short quote or statement</div>

---
layout: image-left
---

<div class="image-col">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1536590158209-e9d615d525e4?auto=format&fit=crop" alt="Cat" />
</div>

<div class="content-col">

## Left-Right Layout Example

Place an image on the left and text on the right.

- Bullet points are supported
- Add headings and paragraphs as you like

</div>

---
layout: image-right
---

<div class="image-col">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1549545931-59bf067af9ab?auto=format&fit=crop" alt="Cat" />
</div>

<div class="content-col">

## Image on the Right

With the `image-right` layout, the image is on the right and the text on the left.

</div>

---
layout: image-left
---

<div class="image-col">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1758482725144-3363d2d350be?auto=format&fit=crop" alt="Cat" />
  <div class="image-label">Photo label</div>
</div>

<div class="content-col">

## Image Label

To display a label at the bottom of an image, add an element with class `image-label` inside the `.image-col` of either the `image-left` or `image-right` layout.

</div>

---
layout: section
---

# About This Theme

This presentation uses **Slidev Theme Cobalt** by [minagishl](https://github.com/minagishl). It is licensed under MIT. We would be happy if you could credit the theme name and developer somewhere in your slides.

---
layout: panel
---

<div class="license-block">
  <div class="license-title">License</div>
  <p><strong>Copyright (c) 2026 Minagishl</strong></p>
  <p>This theme is provided under the MIT License.</p>
</div>

Commit message:

feat: add two column layout

example.md, after:

---
theme: ./
layout: cover
---

# Slidev Theme Cobalt

## A professional presentation theme

---
layout: title
---

# Presentation Title

Minagishl 2026.02.17

---
layout: title-center
---

# Presentation Title

Project - Minagishl

---
layout: title-sandwich
---

<div class="title-top">Project - Minagishl</div>
<div class="title-main">Presentation Title</div>
<div class="title-footer">Date and other information</div>

---
layout: toc
---

# Table of Contents

1. Introduction
2. Main Content
3. Conclusion

---
layout: toc
---

# Table of Contents (2 columns)

1. Mission
2. Company Overview
3. Business Overview
4. Work Environment
5. Employee Voices
6. How We Work
7. Hiring Process
8. Contact

---
layout: section
---

# Section Title

---
layout: section-frame
---

# Section Title

---
layout: team
---

<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 1</div>
</div>
<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 2</div>
</div>
<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 3</div>
</div>

---
layout: team-border
---

<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 1</div>
</div>
<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 2</div>
</div>
<div class="member">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1518791841217-8f162f1e1131?auto=format&fit=crop&w=600&q=80" />
  <div class="name">Team Member 3</div>
</div>

---
layout: steps-layout
---

<div class="steps-column">
  <div class="step">
    <div class="step-header">
      <span class="step-number">01</span>
      <span class="step-title">Understand the goal</span>
    </div>
    <div class="step-body">
      Clarify what problem you want to solve and what success looks like.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="step">
    <div class="step-header">
      <span class="step-number">02</span>
      <span class="step-title">Gather requirements</span>
    </div>
    <div class="step-body">
      List constraints, stakeholders, and any technical or business requirements.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="step">
    <div class="step-header">
      <span class="step-number">03</span>
      <span class="step-title">Design the solution</span>
    </div>
    <div class="step-body">
      Create a simple architecture or flow that explains how the solution will work.
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="step">
    <div class="step-header">
      <span class="step-number">04</span>
      <span class="step-title">Implement iteratively</span>
    </div>
    <div class="step-body">
      Build small pieces, verify them early, and adjust based on feedback.
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

---
layout: process-flow
---

# Project Workflow

<div class="process-flow-container">
  <div class="process-step">
    <div class="process-step-circle">
      <div class="process-step-title">Planning</div>
    </div>
    <div class="process-step-description">Define project requirements and create a detailed plan</div>
  </div>
  <div class="process-arrow"></div>
  <div class="process-step">
    <div class="process-step-circle">
      <div class="process-step-title">Development</div>
    </div>
    <div class="process-step-description">Build the solution according to specifications</div>
  </div>
  <div class="process-arrow"></div>
  <div class="process-step">
    <div class="process-step-circle">
      <div class="process-step-title">Testing</div>
    </div>
    <div class="process-step-description">Verify functionality and ensure quality standards</div>
  </div>
  <div class="process-arrow"></div>
  <div class="process-step">
    <div class="process-step-circle">
      <div class="process-step-title">Deployment</div>
    </div>
    <div class="process-step-description">Release to production and monitor performance</div>
  </div>
</div>

---
layout: table
---

| Plan  | Price per month | Storage | Support              |
| ----- | --------------- | ------- | -------------------- |
| Basic | $9              | 10 GB   | Community only       |
| Pro   | $29             | 100 GB  | Email + Chat         |
| Elite | $79             | 1 TB    | Priority 24/7 SLA    |
| Gold  | $139            | 2 TB    | Dedicated Manager    |
| Ultra | $249            | 5 TB    | VIP 24/7 White Glove |

---
layout: two-cols
---

<div class="two-cols-col">

## Left Column

Place any content in the left column: lists, paragraphs, or headings.

- First point
- Second point
- Third point

</div>

<div class="two-cols-col">

## Right Column

The right column has equal width. Use this layout to compare ideas or show two related sections side by side.

</div>

---
layout: panel
---

<div class="quote blue">A short quote or statement</div>

---
layout: panel
---

<div class="quote black">Another quote or statement</div>

---
layout: profile
---

<div class="frame-header">Table of Contents - About</div>

# Minagishl

Student Developer based in Japan\
Currently participating in OSS projects

I am actively working on OSS projects and my own apps,\
engaging in various engineering activities

---
layout: profile
---

<div class="frame-header">Table of Contents - About</div>

# Minagishl

1. What I do\
   Web development, game design, and building custom PCs

2. Technologies\
   Mainly React, Next.js, and Laravel\
   Also learning Swift

---
layout: frame-panel
---

<div class="frame-header">Table of Contents</div>
<div class="quote blue">A short quote or statement</div>

---
layout: image-left
---

<div class="image-col">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1536590158209-e9d615d525e4?auto=format&fit=crop" alt="Cat" />
</div>

<div class="content-col">

## Left-Right Layout Example

Place an image on the left and text on the right.

- Bullet points are supported
- Add headings and paragraphs as you like

</div>

---
layout: image-right
---

<div class="image-col">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1549545931-59bf067af9ab?auto=format&fit=crop" alt="Cat" />
</div>

<div class="content-col">

## Image on the Right

With the `image-right` layout, the image is on the right and the text on the left.

</div>

---
layout: image-left
---

<div class="image-col">
  <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1758482725144-3363d2d350be?auto=format&fit=crop" alt="Cat" />
  <div class="image-label">Photo label</div>
</div>

<div class="content-col">

## Image Label

To display a label at the bottom of an image, add an element with class `image-label` inside the `.image-col` of either the `image-left` or `image-right` layout.

</div>

---
layout: section
---

# About This Theme

This presentation uses **Slidev Theme Cobalt** by [minagishl](https://github.com/minagishl). It is licensed under MIT. We would be happy if you could credit the theme name and developer somewhere in your slides.

---
layout: panel
---

<div class="license-block">
  <div class="license-title">License</div>
  <p><strong>Copyright (c) 2026 Minagishl</strong></p>
  <p>This theme is provided under the MIT License.</p>
</div>
